the herring boats are waiting and so are
the killer whales
[Music]
it's not much of a contest for a big
fast killer whale to catch a small
herring but for a 6-ton whale a single
herring is like a mere cocktail shrimp
to us good food but it takes a lot to
fill you up there is a way to make the
whole exercise worthwhile bulk fishing
that requires a technique altogether
different from the crows a penguin
hunters here the key to hunting success
is cooperation
again by adding computer images to the
live action we can see how it works
[Music]
working as a team the whales surround
their part
as a circle they roll over flashing
their white letters to scare the fish